[Music]
[Applause]
you may know my name but you do not know
the legend I protect the innocent we owe
everything to hear it and in my brave
but noble quest for justice nothing will
distract me murderous outlaws have
discovered an ancient power with it they
can destroy the world boss can you help
us there's no time to waste what Humpty
Alexander Dumpty we're going to need her
she's Kitty Softpaws I'll steal you
blind and you'll never even know I was
there she is a bad kitty
when the world is in danger only one
hero has what it takes
holy Frijole to build these boots
that's a lot of heel for a guy don't you
think nine lives
arrest them you got any idea when they
do the eggs in prison I'll tell you this
it ain't over easy one destiny my name
would become legend
three works Puss in Boots
[Music]